and welcome to another edition of carbs
and reckless email a show where I sit
the car MPs while consuming cars Mads
I'm here some look weird I walked into
sprouts on a whim just to see what it
was sprouts if you don't know it's like
it's like healthier foods or just
produce that kind of stuff and they had
a person sampling this offering cotton
candy flavored grapes from grapery
product of USA so I've never heard of it
before but the fact that this is
supposed to be cotton candy grapes is
intriguing to me I have seen it all now
in the world of food this sort says on
the front these cotton candy grapes
really taste like cotton candy
what a fun healthy way to enjoy
everyone's favorite flavor from the fair
let me know if you agree alright let's
pop it open see they just look like
regular grapes so just need to get one
or two I'll probably just keep these at
home for Laurie probably we usually wash
these off but for review purposes here
we go cotton candy flavored grape I
don't know if it's so much like really
cotton candy flavored as it's just much
much sweeter it's more sugary than a
regular grape which says something
because grapes are already like that to
begin with I feel like they maybe had a
large line of grapes that just were like
too sweet and they're like I bet you we
can say it tastes like cotton candy it
does taste like it just a little bit but
it's not as full-blown as I thought it
was gonna be it's pretty expensive for
this two grapes usually our is about
almost seven dollars for this entire
thing it's a lot they're tasty I mean I
could probably go to counties for a
while I like regular grapes too though
like the perfect snack
besides carrots and hummus carrots and
hummus are the best not so much cotton
candy as I was expecting but it's still
pretty solid I really like these grapes
I could snack on it forever I give him a
low five regular game using a five I do
think it's a little deterrent from a
regular grape but you definitely like
trick your kids and do it because lord
knows most kids probably don't like
grapes that's just a guess
asparagus cotton gaming flavored stupid
little
so yeah that's pretty much how all
conversations between parents and their
children go
Timmy's an idiot but there you go guys
they had these at sprouts as we speak
she said it was a limited time thing it
might have only be in California too
there might just be a local place that's
doing this because they didn't have too
many of them they only had maybe like
ten of these boxes out and I grabbed one
and that's that what are you thoughts on
cotton candy flavored grapes let me know
in the comments down below
and thank you for joining me for this
edition of carbs and reckless eating
we'll see you next time